You sit down first
I'll ask the nanny to buy two sets of clothes for you to change.
Senior sister, please be healed by me
Brother, what are you going to do next?
It should be for
Now that the worst enemy has emerged
We had a confrontation.
Next time.
It's the final battle
Thanks to you for saving a hand this time
Let that Qin Shuangxue be the messenger
Otherwise we will all die at the Ruolin ceremony
I really have to thank him this time
But later
Put him in my position
Well, it depends on his personal wishes.
Hey no
Why are your seven?
Do you want to be with that girl?
What happened?
No, what do you want?
Then don't make your seven-man team, okay?
I'm still sick
This is more like a junior brother
After solving the Ouyang tomb
About the two of us
By the way, sister, I almost forgot
The master told me when we first went down the mountain.
Let me find you a good family
Hey, at a loss, do you still remember this?
Why do you know now that Senior Sister loves you? That's for sure.
How is Sun Baitian?
Be practical or yourself
And there's money
It suits you
Sister, I'll call him right now
And?
You and Sun Baitian are happily together
Hey, go to hell yourself.
You just don't take my mother seriously